c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication10\WindowsFormsApplication10\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication10.exe.config
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication10\WindowsFormsApplication10\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication10.exe
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication10\WindowsFormsApplication10\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication10.pdb
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication10\WindowsFormsApplication10\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication10.Form1.resources
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication10\WindowsFormsApplication10\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication10.Form2.resources
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication10\WindowsFormsApplication10\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication10.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication10\WindowsFormsApplication10\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication10.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication10\WindowsFormsApplication10\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication10.exe
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication10\WindowsFormsApplication10\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication10.pdb
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication10\WindowsFormsApplication10\bin\Debug\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.dll
C:\Users\andrei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication10\WindowsFormsApplication10\bin\Debug\stdole.dll
C:\Users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication10\WindowsFormsApplication10\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication10.Form3.resources
C:\Users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication10\WindowsFormsApplication10\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication10.Form4.resources
C:\Users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication10\WindowsFormsApplication10\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication10.Form5.resources
C:\Users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication10\WindowsFormsApplication10\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication10.Form6.resources
C:\Users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication10\WindowsFormsApplication10\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication10.Form7.resources
C:\Users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication10\WindowsFormsApplication10\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication10.Form8.resources
C:\Users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication10\WindowsFormsApplication10\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication10.Form9.resources
C:\Users\andrei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication10\WindowsFormsApplication10\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication10.Form10.resources
C:\Users\andrei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication10\WindowsFormsApplication10\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication10.Form11.resources
C:\Users\andrei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication10\WindowsFormsApplication10\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication10.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
